2016-09-29:
Started writing code for the project.
Set up an Express server.
Created a simple login page using Bootstrap.
Added database authentication for login.

2016-09-30:
Changed login page from static HTML to Pug.
Added session support.

2016-10-05:
Very busy week, not much time to work on Quizzard.
Refactored some of the code I wrote last time and added comments.
Most of it will still probably be rewritten in the future, but it's a start.
Completed a basic account creation function which can be used to add students.

2016-10-06:
Extracted the database connection to its own file.
Added questions.js file which will facilitate interaction with the questions
collection in the database.
Started work on an addQuestion function to insert questions into the database.

2016-10-11:
Create a temporary question addition form which adds a question to the database.

2016-10-13:
Started work on the home page proper.
Created a question selector module which fetches questions from the database,
sorted by a given criterion.
Created the main body of the home page, consisting of two sections: the
question list and the sidebar.
Populated the question list with questions from the database, displaying basic
information about them.
Added user's name and points total to sidebar display.
Gave each question its question ID as its HTML ID, allowing the clicked question
to be easily detected.

2016-10-14:
Added a sort button above the question list with a basic dropdown menu.
Updated the question selector to allow sorting by topic or by point count.
Moved the question list into a separate template file, allowing it to be
re-rendered with new information without having to re-render the whole page.
Implemented question list sorting through an AJAX request to the server to
render a new question list with a given sort criterion.

2016-10-19:
Send AJAX request to server when a question is clicked in the question list on
the home page. The request contains the ID of the question that was clicked.
Redirect browser to /question if the request was successful.

2016-10-20:
Added lookupQuestion function to questions module to find a single question
object by its ID.
When a question is clicked, server looks up the clicked question ID. If it is
valid, stores the question object in the session's user object.
Added a simple question view. Like the home view, it has a main area and a
sidebar. The sidebar CSS from the homepage was extracted to a separate file so
it could be shared between home and question views.
In the main area of the question page, the question text, a text box for the
answer and a submit button are displayed. The sidebar shows additional
information such as the question topic, number of points and stats about how
many times it has been attempted/answered. More information will be added to
this in the future.
Clicking submit doesn't do anything... yet.

2016-10-21:
Fixed the form on the question page and added submit event listener.
Send a HTTP POST with the user's answer when the submit button is clicked.
Added checkAnswer function to questions.js which takes a question object
and the user's submitted answer, compares the answers, updates the question
object accordingly and replaces the old question object in the database with
the new one.
The answering functionality is not complete; the student's database entry
still needs to be updated and the front end needs to respond to the result
of the question attempt.

2016-10-24:
Added user's level and success rate to the sidebar on the home view.

2016-10-26:
Created a navbar. It is displayed at the top of the page in the home and
question views. Added links for Home, Current Question, Leaderboard and About
pages. Placed a logout button on the right side of the navbar and implemented
logout functionality.
Questions now have separate text and title attributes. The title is displayed
in the question list; the text appears on the question page itself.

2016-10-27:
Fixed questions to properly use input box instead of the original text box.
Added sweetalert and used it to display a success or failure message when the
user attempts to answer a question.
Upon answering a question, the user object now gets updated in the database
with the new number of attempts, successes, point count, etc.
Attempts and correct answers are now displayed in the sidebar.
Rewrote the findQuestions function in the question-selector module. It now uses
bitmasks to determine how questions are selected and sorted. By default,
questions that the user has already successfully answered are not chosen.
After a user answers a question, it gets removed from the question list.

2016-10-27:
The sort options on the home page now sort the user's stored question list
instead of fetching new questions from the database.

2016-11-03:
Started work on the administration page.
Added an 'admin' flag to user objects in the database.
Users with the admin flag set cannot view or answer questions like regular users
but rather have access to the administration page where they can create and
modify questions and student accounts.
Added basic admin options to the administration page.
Changed the navbar to display different options depending on whether the user is
an admin or not.

2016-11-04:
Started working on the 'Manage Accounts' option on the administration page.
When the button is clicked, a popup appears that displays a table of all
(non-admin) users in the database and their basic information. Wrote a new
function in the students module to grab these database entries.
Added (currently non-functional) buttons to edit or delete each user in the
table.
Added a button below the table to create a new user entry. Copied over the
old temporary user creation form to be displayed when this button is clicked.

2016-11-08:
Changed the admin page to have a sidebar of administration actions and a main
display. Rearranged the user table to appear in the center content area of the
admin page instead of as a popup.

2016-11-10:
Created an admin question table, similar to the user table. Created question
table in Pug to display basic information. Added a new POST request to fetch all
questions in the database and format them. Made the Manage Questions button in
the admin sidebar functional. The questions table has an extra view action
alongside edit and delete to allow the instructor to examine the question's
full text and answers.

2016-11-11:
Made the user creation form display within the admin page body instead of being
a popup.
The server now stores the administrator's student list instead of fetching it
from the database every time it is requested. The user creation process appends
the created user to this stored list as well as inserting it into the database.
Made the delete action on the account table operational. Added deleteAccount
function to the students module to facilitate this.
Started working on the account editing form, allowing an administrator to
modify various information stored with each account.

2016-11-17:
Completed the account editing form. The submitted data is sent to the
updateAccount function and the account's entry in the database is updated, if
the given values are valid.
Changed the default port from 65535 to 8000. Quizzard now also attempts to read
the QUIZZARD_PORT environment variable. If it is set, it overrides the default
port.
Moved the old temporary question addition form into the Manage Questions section
of the admin page and made it fully operational.
Admin question list is now stored after the initial fetch from the database.

2016-11-18:
Added the ability to delete questions via the Manage Questions table on the
admin page.

2016-11-21:
Added file upload form to account creation view, allowing admin to upload a CSV
file containing account information. Used multer to store the file locally in
the uploads directory.

2016-11-23:
Added the parseFile function to students, which reads a CSV file containing
account entries and attempts to insert the accounts into the students database.
Incomplete account objects or invalid IDs given in the file are ignored.

2016-11-24:
Fixed a few things about account CSV uploading. A flag was added to the main
server module which forces a refetch of the student list if it is set. This flag
is set when an account CSV file is uploaded so that all the newly added accounts
are fetched from the database into the student list. File upload status is now
displayed on the upload form after a file has been uploaded.
Made the 'View Statisics' and 'Global Settings' options on the admin sidebar
open their respective views.
Added a basic statistics view, displaying information about students and
questions, such as their status, number of successful/total attempts, success
ratio, etc.
Added a barebones 'About' page.

2016-11-25:
Made the user creation and question creation forms modal. When they are
submitted, the account/question table in the background is automatically updated
with the new information in a few seconds.

2016-12-1:
Added leaderboard page.
Created a leaderboard view which displays all students in the application sorted
by decreasing number of points and gives them a rank. If multiple students have
the same amount of points, they get the same rank.

2016-12-2:
Added small version of leaderboard to sidebar of home view.
Extract home sidebar to its own file.
Modified leaderboard to display ranks 1, 2 and 3 in gold, silver and bronze,
respectively.

2016-12-7:
Removed all references to level from the interface as it levels will not be part
of the initial release.
Created a leaderboard module which manages the list of students that are
displayed on the leaderboard, assigning each an appropriate rank.

2016-12-18:
Fixed a critical bug where answering questions changed users' passwords.
Fixed formatting of success rate on sidebar.
Prevented admin accounts from being displayed on leaderboard.
